---
layout: event

title: Stuttgart 2020
category: stuttgart
permalink: events/:categories/2020-11
contact: stuttgart@play14.org

location: Connectory

schedule:
  dates: November 06-08 2020
  start: 2020-11-06 18:30:00
  finish: 2020-11-08 17:00:00
  isCancelled: true

timetable:
  - day: Friday
    desc: We will start in the evening. We will learn to know each other and share a nice dinner all together.
    times:
      - time: "18:30"
        desc: Ice breakers
      - time: "20:30"
        desc: Dinner / Mingle
  - day: Saturday
    desc: We will start in the morning with the marketplace, and then we will play games all day long.
    times:
      - time: "08:30"
        desc: Breakfast
      - time: "09:00"
        desc: Warm-up
      - time: "09:30"
        desc: Marketplace
      - time: "10:30"
        desc: Sessions
      - time: "12:30"
        desc: Lunch
      - time: "14:00"
        desc: Sessions
      - time: "18:00"
        desc: Retrospective
      - time: "19:00"
        desc: Pizza &amp; Beers
  - day: Sunday
    desc: We will also start with the marketplace for a full day of games. Whoever needs to catch a plane can leave earlier.
    times:
      - time: "08:30"
        desc: Breakfast
      - time: "09:00"
        desc: Warm-up
      - time: "09:30"
        desc: Marketplace
      - time: "10:00"
        desc: Sessions
      - time: "12:30"
        desc: Lunch
      - time: "13:30"
        desc: Sessions
      - time: "16:00"
        desc: Retrospective
      - time: "17:00"
        desc: Farewell

images:
  - /images/events/stuttgart/01.jpg
  - /images/events/stuttgart/02.jpg
  - /images/events/stuttgart/03.jpg
  - /images/events/stuttgart/04.jpg
  - /images/events/stuttgart/05.jpg
  - /images/events/stuttgart/21.jpg
  - /images/events/stuttgart/22.jpg
  - /images/events/stuttgart/23.jpg

registration:
  type: link
  url: https://play14.org/events/stuttgart/2020-11#register

sponsors:
  - name: brainspire GbR
    type: Local sponsors
  - name: Playful Insights
    type: Local sponsors
  - name: Strempel Beratung+Coaching
    type: Local sponsors
  - name: More Shiny Eyes
    type: Local sponsors
  - name: Neuland
    type: Local sponsors
---

## Welcome to Stuttgart and welcome to our first #play14 unconference in Baden-Württemberg!

#play14 is an informal, serious games gathering following Open Space unconference format. Together we will try out different games, tools and playful methods, which can be used in trainings, workshops, during coaching sessions or even for bringing teams together.

This is your opportunity of giving a try to those approaches you always wanted to test out, and where you were not so sure they will work out. You will meet like-minded people, interested in playing together and trying out new things. It is a chance to network and to learn from each other.

Looking forward to play with you :o)

[Join us on Xing](https://www.xing.com/communities/groups/nummer-play14-stuttgart-1116901)

We are still looking for further sponsors to finance the event.
Want to be a supporter of the worldwide growing community with your company? Please contact one of our team members if you are interested.

---

## Disclaimer

### VAT

At this point in time invoices may not include any German VAT, as we are still in the clarification process for the form of organisation of the event.

### Cancellation

If for some reason, we have to cancel the event, participants will get a full refund. We need a minimum amount of people to make it feasible. We will not be liable for any travel costs incurred by participants if the event is cancelled.

If a participant wishes to cancel a place, they may do so and receive a full refund minus any transaction fees up until one calendar month before the event. We are able to offer a 50% refund up until 2 weeks before the event. After this period we are unable to offer a refund as we will have committed to costs for the participant’s place.

If however a participant finds someone else to take their place then we would offer a refund at any time, minus any costs incurred with the transaction.

### Photography and Video

Certain sessions during the event might be filmed and recorded. If you do not wish to be included in any footage or photography, please contact us and we will ensure that you are not included. If you do not contact us, you consent to being filmed and recorded and (hence maybe) included in this and subsequent versions in any and all media, worldwide, without limitation of time. You can contact us: team@play14.org

### Contact Details

Contact details for participants will be kept strictly private and will be shared only with the organisers.

### Limitation of liability

If we breach the terms of an agreement, or you seek compensation and damages for any claim or claims arising out of any contract between us for whatever reason, your remedy will be limited to damages. Our liability will not exceed the cost of the registration fee received, except in the case of injury or death or any person.

With the exception of the above paragraph, we shall not be liable to you, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence and breach of statutory duty), strict liability, or otherwise whatsoever:

- for any loss of profit, business, contracts or revenues
- for failure to achieve anticipated savings in costs
- for any special, indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever arising directly or indirectly out of the services we offer, or of any error or defect caused by us, UNLESS you inform us in writing before you book a place on each event, of any particular circumstances covered above.

Each of the foregoing points is to be construed as a separate limitation (applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of these points is held inapplicable or unreasonable in any circumstances) and shall remain in force notwithstanding termination of any contract between us.

<h2 id="register">Register:</h2>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://www.xing-events.com/resources/js/amiandoExport.js"></script><iframe title="Ticketshop" src="https://QNIBMAZ-modules.xing-events.com/QNIBMAZ.html?viewType=iframe&distributionChannel=CHANNEL_IFRAME&language=de&useDefaults=false&resizeIFrame=true" frameborder="0" width="650px" id="_amiandoIFrame4246002"><p>Diese Seite benötigt die Unterstützung von Frames durch Ihren Browser. Bitte nutzen Sie einen Browser, der die Darstellung von Frames unterstützt, damit das Ticketvorverkaufs-Modul angezeigt werden kann.</p><p>Probieren Sie die XING Events <a href="https://www.xing-events.com">online Registrierung</a> noch heute aus.</p></iframe>
